So, hello. My name is Daniela Gonzalez. I'm a second year medical student and this is my colleague, Napalia Flores, she's also a medical student. And today we're just gonna find out what brought you in here today. So, is your name Edith Riswell? Yes, it is. Yes, how would you like me to refer you? Edith is fine. Edith is fine? Alright. So, Edith, what brings you in here today? I'm just, I'm just feeling terrible and I'm losing too much weight for no reason. Oh, right. Can you tell me more? Yeah, it's been probably, oh I don't know, maybe six or eight months that I've just been feeling more and more tired. It's gotten to a place where if I, no matter if I run to the store or, you know, just go do something, I'm, I'm warm right out and when I get home I just, I'm right down on the couch. So, I'm skipping extra stuff, social events and things like that. I just feel blah. I don't, there's no other way to put it. I just feel blah and I feel like something's wrong. And you told me that it's been going on for six to eight months, is that right? I'm guessing. It's been about that long that it's been, that I started feeling tired, you know, and then started to get more and more and more. Okay, so it's just this tiredness and like you just feel ill, is that right? Yeah and just losing that weight. You're just losing a lot of weight. Yeah, yeah. How many pounds do you think you've lost? Okay, I need to lose weight anyway. So, at the beginning when it first started, I was, you know, I was kind of happy but it continued and I wasn't doing anything. I think we've gotten almost to 30 or 35 pounds. I mean, it's a lot and I'm not doing anything. You're not doing anything, you know, diet. No, actually, I'm not even doing the exercise I used to do. I just, I don't have to get up and go to do it. You can't really like do exercise anymore, so you can't really like, you feel the energy to do it, is that right? Okay, I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. I'm really sorry to hear that. Along with this tiredness, do you feel any pain anywhere? No, I don't think I do. Okay, and all right, have you noticed that you're like, when you maybe like you pick yourself with something, do you see like you're bruising easily? No. Okay, and are you eating all right? I am. You're eating? Yeah. And normal? No, you're not like skipping meals, right? No. No? Okay, all right. So, what I would like to do, I was just asking you a few more questions about your past medical history, if that's okay with you.